my first day too
they're finally away from the islands
we've managed to get away from know
Willie Willie yesterday Oh
11:30 I think we finally left the harbor
I'm going to do a couple things
calibrate our private actually got away
but about noon yesterday we were able to
get away we've covered about 80 miles
now since then and we're making pretty
good speed 80 miles over the ground
north of the Willie Willie in a straight
line cuts through the island we had to
tack into a northeasterly to gain an
offing from the island so we could lay
our course so so now we are sailing of
course three three zero magnetic pretty
much three three zero magnetic north or
westerly course now you know where we're
going we're going to sit good it's
northeast of here and you may wonder
well why are we sailing Northwest in
perfect conditions conditions are
perfect by the way it's absolutely fiber
in their paths right beautiful sunny day
beautiful puffy clouds about 15 knots of
wind exactly from the right direction
we're sailing a nice broad reach so
anyway we're going Northwest because we
want to continue around the North
Pacific high which is
uncharacteristically west of its usual
this year so need to go northwesterly to
get around the high but specifically to
the west go west to get around the high
so that we can have wind enough to sail
all the way if you inadvertently sail
into the high the North Pacific high
it's a big high-pressure area we go win
so people do do that they just don't
take a run line course to say San
Francisco from Hawaii just planning a
motor through the high and we've done
that actually we did that that's not
what we're gonna do we're gonna sail all
the way to Alaska we're gonna try to use
the intelligence we have on the weather
we left sail around we hope but don't be
surprised if in a few days or a week or
so we're completely be calm but you know
that's gonna settle down down here day
or two three it's a great day for
sailing out on the ocean with a
completely empty horizon all the way
around there's time here over here hate
that right it is
so Brees still feeling a bit woozy and
for the first time ever Laura is feeling
just a little ill and it's a gonna
mention beautiful day i don't understand
i will it's disgraceful it's just
gorgeous out here too I mean it's not
rough anyway that's the way it is oh now
I'm feeling a little bitter so now we're
gonna have some tomatoes that we found
it Costco this stuff is really good yeah
kind of toasting it in the same skillet
barely yeah little Dew and sea salt
sliced tomatoes
tomorrow morning if I'm feeling even
better since we would still have some
left is so I'll do like we did the other
night and drop them Friday going on
there that was really good you can see
why Laura is always the photographer all
right there we go
all right so anyway this is lunch come
back in a minute and show it good yes
oops we'll let it that part out
important to get the technique for doing
this while under scene under way push it
down against our hip against the
bulkhead there put braced
oh yeah well I need both hands to eat
oops sorry